hello my name is christoph from site 5
I lost weight com.br point and today I'll
pass three super tips for you to eat
less in a totally natural way
Good to start, I wanted you.
I understood wellington and goias as a
balloon then when it fills he sent it
messages to your brain saying looks
I'm satisfied, you do not have to eat it .
also works when
it decreases
He sent me another message. I'm not with
hunger need you to purchase an ok
good a first tip let's go
the young man it's interesting that you drink water
to fill up if they are then I usually
takes around two cups not 500
ml that is it fills the stomach and this me
your brain receives the message that you
is a little more satisfied than not
need to commit so much damage from you
for food will realize that when
You go and try to eat more and you already
will you strive in the then you will end
eating little less good
The second tip is how foods rich in
fibers because fiber increases the
retention of water in the body and there you
remained satisfied longer and
consequently it will end with less ne
in addition there is another characteristic
of the fiber is that it slows down
food in the eyes in the body
so you end up being satisfied with
more excellent time, right?
the third tip as foods that
contain more water than
first tip so you'll get more at
your body and will feel satisfied
with more great time
The other thing is that these fibers again
will help you keep this water in the
body but sucking this water as a
sponge she will keep if the option is
even more time and you finish
continuing to be more satisfied with
the longer I leave a fourth tip
on my website
here in the link you will see down here and
besides the fourth tip I'll leave one
list of foods containing more than
fibers and others that contain more water to
I'll help you with less okay
enunciated the process of weight loss
you want to maintain your ideal weight for
ever
ok good luck to see such